So we've learned how we can use both the next method and the throw method on our iterators to kind of
control the execution flow inside of our iterators when we're working with the yield keyword.
But since a generator is just a function we can also use the return keyword.
Now we can use the return keyword to exit the function or we can use it to specify a value that we want
to be return.
So for example we'll make an iterator like so when do function or we'll do a generator function.
So we do make iterator and then inside of here I'm going to do yield 1 and I'm just going to do a return
statement and then I'll just yield to like so.
And then after that we'll make it so we'll do it.
Iterator equals make iterator so we'll return our iterator there.
And if I do a canceled log iterator dot next like so and then I try to do this again so I'll copy and
paste it like so and we'll try to do it three times.
You can see the first time we yield one.
And so we get a return value of 1.
But then after my return statement it exits the function.
So in other words we stop iterating and so every time that we try to yield something after this we're
not going to yield anything.
So we're not going to get to this next yield statement.
It's going to tell the iterator and we're done.
So now you're going to return undefined and done is equal to true.
Aside from that you could also do something pretty interesting so we could say for example you notice
how whenever we finish this iteration right here the value is set to undefined.
We can also use the return statement to specify a value that we want to be returned whenever we're done
with the iteration.
So for example a move yield to up and then I'll make a yield 3 like so yield 3.
Then after that I'm going to return
final value like so.
So now if I paste in another counselor or log in his Save You can see we yield our first three values
in our iteration and then once we finish our iteration because done is true.
You can see I specified a value.
Typically if I don't have a return statement inside of here whenever the iteration is done then the
value is going to be set to undefine but return is a way for us to pass in some final data or pass out
some final data.